In the old days, when the bow is swinging, a terrible shake comes right after it, so be careful.
The current person is mistaken for a god of the past, and is always afraid of the god of the past.
In the normal earthquake, there is a small shake between the first and second, and then a big shake called Gura Gura Gura.
The first 10 times the original shake.
The first and second shakes start from the original shake, or the core, and follow the same path.
However, the speed is different, so the time difference is too large.
The shake is the original shake, and in the big earthquake, the house collapses and the bridge falls.
It is reasonable that the old people were afraid of this.
No matter how strong the god of the past is, it is less than 1 in 10 of the original big earthquake, so if you do something like swinging it back and forth, it will be a seed that will make the old people laugh.
When the bow moves, the movement spreads from side to side and spreads to the upper and lower parts of the body.
It is the same as the waves spreading in the water of the pond or the waves of sound in the air.
However, the rocks transmitted by the waves of the earthquake are hard, but they work like rubber, so the first wave is like a wave of stretching waves like waves of sound, and the second wave is like a wave of despair.
The waves of stretching waves are small, but they are fast, so they are the small wave of the first wave, and the wave of the side wave is large, but it is a curse, so it is the big wave of the second wave.
The difference in time between the first and second waves is that the longer the source is, the longer the source is, and the difference in time is 80 km per second, or 8 km per second.
This is useful for measuring the distance without any opportunity, as it can be calculated by measuring the time from the lightning to the thunder.